yeah
when I'm traveling through the
forest in a river swamp
I like to keep a good idea where
I'm at
it's really old pine stump
that's full of pine resin I
stripped a little bark off of it
about 20 years ago as a landmark
for me a very valuable resource
I don't use a map I don't use a
compass they make a thing called
a GPS Global Positioning System
I think for the college my god i
like to pin on natural resources
brain common sense if the brain
in common sense ever quits
working in trouble
but even if I do get lost i'm
home i just have to camp in a
different place
in the feral swamps of Georgia
frontiersman Colbert dirt is in
the final throes of trapping
season a lot of indication of
early spring early leaves and
flowers and buds just got a
short time left to harvest first
in the winter trapping season
the advantage of having traps
overhunting is I can be in a
dozen places at one time so it
makes me more efficient more
effective
this is a good place for me to
set a trap
his trapping is important to me
this year even more than ever
because the money that I gained
from the pelts that together
I used to buy new supplies and
rebuild my cabin I want to put
the trap as close to the roots
to make this the obvious travel
way and then he'll see the state
can automatically dive
underwater to go through it
that looks like a pretty good
set just about any animal that
comes by get caught in that trap
and i'll have fur and that's
what I'm after
they gotta work
my job as a trapper paying
attention knowing animal habits
and behaviors and habitat and
adapt accordingly
ok I think I like it about right
there you never know for sure
what's going through an animal's
mind but I'd like to take a
little water
it looks like an order came up
through here recently
i'm going to go ahead and set
the trigger
ok that traps active ready to
catch the next animal that comes
by